greetings everyone and thanks again to
all of you who keep coming back for more
this is the China history podcast coming
to you from China history podcast.com
we're still in the Ming Dynasty in our
last episode we got as far as the end of
the jung-hwa era the young emperor also
known as mean chun soo he passed from
the scene in 1424 so as we begin today
we're merrily 56 years into a 276 year
dynasty 220 more years to go so let's
get started the young Emperor dies on
his fifth campaign in the north against
the Mongols he let the army his eldest
son becomes the new Emperor and he
immediately puts the kibosh on juncos
extravagantly expensive voyages the
problem with this Emperor was he wasn't
fated to live long he became Emperor in
September 14 24 and died of a heart
attack may 29 1425 not exactly William
Henry Harrison but he didn't even last a
year this is too bad because in the
short time that this Hong Shi Emperor
sat on the throne he undid a lot of the
bad ideas of his father the young lut
emperor and instituted a whole bunch of
new reforms that he was able to initiate
and then his successor his son drew John
Chi is next on the throne and reigns as
the Shinda Emperor and you may recall
this emperor from the last episode is
the one who called for the one last
voyage for junga and the great eunuch
admiral died on this seventh and final
mission and it was during the reign of
the Shinda Emperor that mean China's
misadventure in Vietnam came to a
crashing end in 1427 now one of the last
things the Hong Shi Emperor did before
he up and died so suddenly was he tried
to move the capital of the empire from
Beijing back to where it had come from
down in Nanjing however he died before
this whole initiative could get some
traction and when the Shanta Emperor got
all settled in he decided to stick with
the forbidden city rather than Nanjing
down in the south
which if I haven't mentioned is a
savagely hot city in the summer it's
Nanjing is known as one of the three
furnaces of China the sand aqua Lu the
other two being Wuhan and chong ching
sometimes they say the four furnaces the
saddle and Changsha gets thrown in there
that's the capital of Hunan Province my
old stomping grounds back in the early
90s
so the Shanta Emperor he stays put in
Beijing and other than the misadventure
in Vietnam which he inherited by the way
it was a relatively peaceful time the
economy thrived in the chenda Emperor
being an accomplished painter and all it
was a time when the arts also thrived
he carried through all kinds of reforms
and was able to keep the machinery of
government running smoothly his decade
on the throne is considered the time
when the Ming Dynasty peaked
Chindi was followed by his son who we
know as the junk home Emperor yes he of
the to MU crisis or the tool moocher
bian he was all of eight years old when
he took the throne and by this time you
had what was known as the naege or the
Privy Council established in 14:26 and
this was heavily staffed and influenced
by the eunuch faction let's talk a
little about eunuchs and then we'll get
back to the junk home Emperor and his
infamous debacle at tool mu one of the
main characteristics of the ming dynasty
was the rise and influence of the
eunuchs and how they use their ways to
pretty much take over the government
they were sort of in a way you could
compare them to the president's White
House staff no one elected them they
were all appointed or got their
positions due to connections their
natural enemies were the bureaucracy you
know all the Confucian scholar
bureaucrats who did everything by the
book and with a great degree of ritual
and strict orthodoxy in the eunuchs they
didn't really have any Confucius or
monks they took all the worst aspects of
autocracy to new heights and work
notoriously corrupt in fact one of the
many characteristics of the last two
dynasties of China was the extreme
influence the eunuchs had
Palace Affairs the problem all started
during the time of young love you see
his father who founded the Ming Dynasty
he made it clear from the very start
that eunuchs were not to be educated and
under penalty of death were not to
meddle in politics end of story
and then 50 years later their tentacles
are on every single knob lever and
switch on the entire governments and
military how did they do this how they
did this was quite simple the Ming
Emperor's starting with young love
during his later years became more and
more autocratic the more autocratic you
became the less you depended on trusted
our cooperated with the normal channels
of government rather than going through
them ume just made decisions
unilaterally but you still needed
enablers and facilitators to make this
whole system work and that's where the
eunuchs came in you see the roots of all
their power rested on the position they
held as being responsible for the person
of the Emperor not the laws or
agricultural matters or anything
scholarly their sole responsibility was
the Emperor personally as well as his
family and household anything that had
to do with the emperor from who got to
see him what he aged when he did what
and everything that he was about the
eunuchs were the gatekeepers advisers
go-betweens and household managers what
did they do actually well for starters
they managed the palace guard which by
the time of these Yenta Emperor had
already evolved into a kind of secret
police that was engaged in all manners
of nefarious activities they managed all
the workshops and businesses that
supplied everything there was to the
Emperor's household as well as the
steady flow of the exotic gifts
presented to the Emperor by visiting
foreign tribute missions when it came
time to make military and civilian
appointments they had the Emperor's air
for all this the eunuchs were also
appointed directly by the Emperor to
head up trade and diplomatic missions to
the various kingdoms of Southeast Asia
and the western sea aka the Indian Ocean
so they managed quite a bit of what went
on in the capital everything they did of
course being at the crossroads of all
military and commercial
wealth involved a nice generous portion
of cream that was skimmed off the tops
of the thousands and thousands of day-in
day-out transactions involving the
emperor in the imperial court they got a
piece of everything it was sort of like
the the neighborhood where Paulie ran
things and Goodfellas anyone who did
anything that involved the Emperor had
to pay their tribute knowingly or
unknowingly and these eunuchs enriched
themselves some of them such as li
lianying chief eunuch under sushi tae ho
the most famous of all evil Empress
dowager's amassed fortunes that were the
stuff of legend we'll look at this most
famous of eunuchs when we get to the
ching chong yen as they say the last
year's of the ching dynasty
so during the Ming you begin to see the
rise and unstoppable power of the
eunuchs who rode on the backs of
increasingly autocratic emperors who
more and more came to distrust the
legitimate government officials of the
imperial government and in the provinces
in fact by now during the time of the
Jung Tong Emperor the Privy Council led
by the most powerful eunuchs had
replaced the normal organs of government
and these two factions the eunuchs and
the Confucian elites and the government
bureaucracy they battled constantly and
honestly couldn't stand each other for
the threat they each posed to the other
and to top it all off as an extra reason
for mutual contempt these eunuchs by and
large were all northerners who came from
a lower class background and were hardly
educated the civil servants were for the
most part coming from the families of
the literati who came from the lower
Yosef Valley and around Judge yang
province so you hit a northerner versus
southerner thing going on and an
educated versus uneducated and of course
the ongoing competition to sway the
Emperor's decisions eunuchs ran the
Privy Council as well as the imperial
secret police during the emperor homos
era you had the what was called the
broke aided guards during the jung-hwa
era you had the eastern Esplanade by
1465 there came into being the Red
Horsemen of the Western Esplanade who
became the thugs hit
men agent provocateurs and enforcers of
the imperial eunuchs so let's look at
the 6th Ming Emperor and I include
jinhwan and home.she even though certain
revisionist emperors tried to write them
out of a scrip juichi Jun was born in
1427 six years after the capital was
officially moved to Beijing he was the
son of the Shinda Emperor and became
Emperor as a child of eight now if you
are a eunuch working at the palace this
is the best-case scenario it was easy
enough for them to bend the mind and
will of a full-grown adult but an 8 year
old kid as far as having a free hand to
do whatever you wanted I mean what else
do you want
enter Wang Chung he was the chief eunuch
under the gentle emperor and he called
the shots every one of them he
instigated what is known as the to MU
crisis the oi rats were Western Mongols
more from Central Asia than from the
north for years the mean had been
playing them off against their Eastern
Mongol rivals but after the Ming pulled
their horns and around the end of the
young love era the Mongols started to
smell blood and became very aggressive
and testing the softness of the Ming in
the 14 30s these Western Mongols had
penetrated into GaN Zhu Xin Jiang and
Shang XI then in July 14 49 after a bit
of a diplomatic blow-up and
misunderstanding the yacht's invaded
Northwest China with a force of 20,000
men the Zhang Tong Emperor gets this
real great advice from the chief eunuch
Wang Jun who whispers in his ear hey you
know you got to go attack these guys and
it'd be great if you led the troops into
battle yourself and the Emperor who's 22
by now and his chief eunuch obviously
had a very strong influence on him so
the army is amassed and you have the
young toned Emperor at the head of a
force of half a million men that's five
hundred thousand against 20,000 so
should be a turkey shoot right it ended
up being a 28-day campaign here's how it
went now historians have picked this
whole affair to the bone and all
generally agree this was a totally
unplanned poorly led an ill-fated
campaign you at the Emperor
in charge who insured didn't know
anything his number two was the chief
eunuch Hwang John who was simply
detested and reviled by basically
everyone and his baggage-train alone was
over 1,000 wagons and had to be guarded
the weather was horrible as they left
the capital rained all the time the main
idea was to engage the Iraq forces near
THAAD Hong in the north of Shaanxi
province and push them back into the
steps where they came from by August the
going was getting very rough and the
civil officials were all saying maybe
it's not the best idea to bring the
Emperor with us but Wang Jun wouldn't
hear of it he said nope the Emperor
stays on the way to Todd's home the Ming
forces it past the site of a battlefield
it's just littered with Chinese soldiers
killed by D OE rotten Mongol forces
after the Ming forces arrive in da home
on August 18th they're advised that to
proceed further north and carry out this
campaign in to the steps would be highly
risky da Fung is in the extreme north of
Shaanxi province but not too terribly
far from the capital Beijing so the Ming
generals and everyone just declare
victory and start heading back to
Beijing by August 30th the armies are
now in bad shape from this march back to
Beijing it's hardly this you know
orderly military march that you'd expect
from a trained army it's it's degraded
down to an unorganized retreat and then
three days out from Beijing and northern
hub a the oil rod Mongol army catches up
with the main rare guard which as the
story goes was so burdened with wonjun's
thousand wagons of whatever so these
guys were all picked off as well as the
30,000 cavalry sent to support them then
the next day at a place called to MU the
mean army who had no access to water and
were just dying of thirst and food had
run out they were so close to home and
now the Mongols were just all over them
dissension ran rampant in the ranks
troops deserted or tried to defect the
traveling officials insisted it was best
to send the Emperor on his way back to
the capital now with a guard but Wang
Zhang
refused because he insisted to accompany
the Emperor and as the story goes he was
so concerned about his baggage train
that had not yet caught up to the to the
front so on September 1st the army awoke
to the Mongols who had quietly
surrounded them and then a battle ensued
and when all was finished about half the
remaining mean army was gone Wang Jun
was killed most likely by his own people
and there was no shortage of soldiers
officers and officials who wanted this
guy dead so he was gone and they
captured the Emperor the OI wrought
mongol leader eason khan was just
incredulous that such a prize fell into
his hands the Emperor of China leads his
army into battle makes every mistake
that Sun Tzu probably warned against and
ends up getting taken as a prisoner of
the Mongols heesun khan tried to use the
emperor as a bargaining chip but he
didn't have any luck in the utter
confusion that was going on now in
Beijing what followed was another
classic Chinese Imperial bloodbath this
time with the eunuchs on the receiving
end the aggressors were now the
Confucian Palace elites and their
minions with Wong Chun out of the
picture the eunuch faction at the palace
was hardly the Menace they once were so
they just got annihilated it said Wang
Jun was the scapegoat for the whole
sorry affair and his family was killed
for five generations including the
children he had sired before he became a
eunuch which was done to further his
career the mongols march on beijing but
they're unable to take the city then the
alliance between the AI rots and their
mongol cousins in the east and north and
sort of falls apart and they once again
turn on each other and Beijing is spared
the Tumu incident has been compared to
the an lushan rebellion of the Tong
dynasty in that here was the clear
dividing line where henceforth it was
all a slow steady downhill slide for the
Ming Dynasty the powers that be decide
that the best course of action is not to
bargain with the Mongols and to install
the Emperor's brother on the throne and
this they did so the Jean Tai Emperor
becomes the next son of heaven and
that my friends was the tool move
incident to 1449 so other than having
lost half their army to a force less
than ten percent its size and the
emperor getting captured and taken away
it wasn't a bad campaign but wait it
gets worse a year later with a new
emperor on the throne the old Emperor
gets handed back to the Ming in China
the Mongols frustrated in their attempts
to gain anything from this nice
bargaining chip
simply sent him back asking for nothing
in return so one day the Chun Tong and
purchase shows up now there are two
legitimate Emperor's de Chien Thai who
was now installed on the throne and the
newly arrived Chun Tong Emperor now the
main bounce back from this to a certain
extent thanks to some talented ministers
and the government who managed to steer
the mean through this period of chaos
and treachery the new Emperor Jing
tae-hee was allowed to continue to reign
the Jung Hyung Emperor was kept as well
as a sort of a reserve Emperor with a
grand sounding title actually the Jing
Thai Emperor weary of a potential rival
kept this junk home Emperor under a form
of house arrest and in 1457 when the
Jing Chi Edward started to decline in
health the Jung Tong Emperor was brought
back onto the throne which pretty much
makes him the Grover Cleveland of the
Ming Dynasty seeing as how he had two
different reigns as Emperor
non-consecutive that would make the Jing
Tai Emperor the Benjamin Harrison of the
story the eaching Thai Emperor had other
plans as far as a successor went but a
little intro Palace skullduggery saw the
palace officials literally walking in on
Jung Poong lifting him onto his sedan
chair and bursting their way into the
palace of the Emperor and they
unceremoniously plopped the old Emperor
back on his old throne so for this reign
period the name tin chuan is given so
this being Emperor is known both as the
Jung Tong Emperor and the tin xuan
Emperor as for the ailing jing ty
emperor he died under mysterious
conditions a month later and to rub salt
in the wound the ten Xuan Emperor as he
was called now wouldn't even allow his
brother that I have
to be buried in the sacred ming tombs he
was buried out somewhere else and the
gentle emperor had his rival severely
demoted in rank as well the tin xuan
Emperor dies in 1467 all this excitement
packed into only 37 years so he passes
from the scene it gets in tuned
honorably with his Ming ancestors and
next up was the Emperor's son who
becomes the chung hua emperor what is
there to say about this teen Emperor
except that the eunuchs made their
comeback under his reign and the worst
autocratic measures to date are seen the
secret police is enhanced and became a
terror no less than the Gestapo Cheka or
Sakura Tata was in their day he reigned
for 23 years before he died at the age
of 40 and his son takes over as the
honker Emperor the honker Emperor was
one of those rare breed of monogamous
Chinese emperors who had only his one
Empress and that was it no concubines so
finally they get a good hard-working
no-nonsense Emperor on the throne the
home chair Emperor almost but not quite
is mentioned in the same breath as his
ancestors the whole Wu and yong hwa
emperors he kept the eunuchs reined in
and for his almost 18 years in the top
spot the country caught sort of a
breather
he was the last good emperor his son
took over from him and since there were
no concubines involved there were no
potential successors or rivals to the
remaining son of the honker Emperor and
his Empress so enter Chengdu now close
your eyes and think of Caligula that's
what this emperor was a total waste ro
who neglected his duties spent long
periods away from the palace traveling
around with his entourage spending
lavish amounts of money he left
everything in the hands of eunuchs who
were only too happy to oblige
one eunuch in particular Leo Qin really
made a name for himself and got himself
immortalized in the history books thanks
to the
magnitude of his corruption and the
wealth he amassed and the fortune he
spent now the ochin was the head of the
bajo or eight Tigers these were the
eight most powerful eunuchs who ran
everything that went on during the reign
of the Chengdu Emperor now this guy had
a great run and to go down in the annals
of Chinese history as one of the most
corrupt government people of all time
must have meant his scale of skimming
off the top would have ranked right up
there with the best of the 20th and 21st
century in fact in 2001 the Asian Wall
Street Journal ran a story that named
Leo chin as one of the wealthiest
persons in the past thousand years why
else is a chief eunuch Leo Jin also
famous he was caught committing treason
a 15-10 and his punishment was the
infamous death by a thousand cuts yes
the Shah Chen doll Yeo Jin was not the
first when the executioner took that
first slice off the former head of the
eight Tigers in 1510 this punishment had
already been around for half a
millennium what it was for those wishing
to know was death by slow slicing Leo
Jean was given a total 3357 cuts over
three days now he was given 3,300 cuts
but he allegedly died on the second day
after the 300 that 400 cut it said bits
of his flesh was then being sold on the
streets of Beijing outside the palace
and being consumed with rice wine
anyways there's all kinds of interesting
and gruesome material and the internet
if you want to learn more this is a
family program so we don't want to get
into too much detail it said they hauled
about four hundred and fifty thousand
kilos of gold in nine point seven
million kilos of silver from his
compound which at today's extremely high
precious metal prices would put that
fortunate roughly thirty to thirty-five
billion US dollars so Leo Qin he met a
vial and and perhaps a fitting in
depending on how you look at it
well the young emperor being a Caligula
type and all there were no shortage of
stories about what went on during his
almost 16 year reign but
seeing how this is an overview in all
let's not get bogged down in the zany
Ness and carnage the other important
thing that happened in the Ming Dynasty
during the reign of the junga Emperor
was the arrival in 1513 of Jorge Alvarez
and Raphael Paris trello who worked for
the Portuguese trading empire of Afonso
de Albuquerque they traded with the
locals and had a skirmish with the Ming
government forces down in the south and
twin moon in Hong Kong and also up the
Pearl River Delta towards Guangzhou
relations were stop and start between
Portugal and China but this mission
ultimately led to the deal with China
and 1557 that seated Macau to Portugal
which was to be used as a trading base
the next Emperor was one of the more
famous ones and we mentioned him already
the cha ching Emperor he was the junk
emperors cousin this Emperor reigned for
forty five years and lots of stories
about him where to start let's just dive
right into the great rights controversy
of 1521 to 1524 okay as I said this new
emperor was not the direct descendant of
the deceased Emperor the new 14-year old
Emperor was a cousin his father was the
brother to the Holy Cheer Emperor the
honker Emperor remember the one who
didn't keep concubines
he had two sons of which only one
survived and he became the chunka
Emperor and then he dies in 1521 so
custom dictated that the Imperial line
of succession could not be broken and in
order to keep everything in line with
the established ways the new Jing
Emperor had to be adopted by the
deceased
junga Emperor and then as custom
dictated the new Jackie Emperor would
honor this deceased Emperor as a son
would a father then all was okay the
line was not broken this was the way the
Confucian 'us got around that small
problem and the fourteen-year-old ampere
everyone thought it'd be easy to
manipulate not so with this emperor he
had his own thinking about this whole
matter his thinking was simple all they
had to do was make his natural father
Emperor posthumously and the whole
matter was solved a seemingly innocuous
matter
not be so easily resolved and the
confucian as the fischels had made
somewhat of a comeback and their their
prestige in the Ming Dynasty now had
never been higher so it wasn't so easy
to dismiss their insistence you know to
have their own way so this matter of the
emperor insisting to honor his natural
parents and the court officials saying
he had to do it
according to the Confucian rites was the
root of this controversy the emperor won
of course and all those who tried to
line up against him were banished or
executed or worse and things were never
the same after that between the Emperor
and the Confucian elites like his
predecessor this emperor had no love of
the actual work involved in being the
chief executive he mostly lived outside
the Forbidden City and had his trusted
prime ministers handle everything for
him and this of course is a recipe for
disaster since it was an open invitation
for corruption
he was autocratic and couldn't take any
criticism or challenge to his authority
in any way he left everything mainly in
the hands of his chief minister Yin sung
who was another rogue from Chinese
history known for his cruelty vices and
corrupt self-serving ways there was
though a loyal official the department
secretary to the Ministry of Revenue got
a name a high rate well known for his
devotion to the Emperor he did a bold
thing and wrote a memorial to the
Emperor requesting him to be more open
to advice from his ministers he said
everyone was so scared to say anything
that good advice was just being withheld
you know faring the consequences so high
Dre spoke up and for this he was thrown
in prison and stayed there until this
Emperor died in 1567 now this is
important because 400 years later there
was a play written about hi Dre who
historians had held up as a model of the
quintessential honest loyal and
dedicated civil servant the play written
by the great historian writer and vice
mayor of Beijing Wuhan came out in 1961
and was called high Rea dismissed from
office
hi Dre Bhagwan five years later in 1966
and four hundred years after it actually
happened
one of the Gang of Four yawen yen lashed
out at Wuhan in his play and claimed
that the whole thing was simply an
allegory of Chairman Mao's dismissal of
the loyal marshal Pongo why who dared to
speak up to Mao against his excesses in
the Great Leap Forward hi ray was
compared to Poong defy and Mao of course
was the evil emperor dismissing his
loyal official so believe it or not this
was one of the spark plugs that ignited
the Cultural Revolution which we'll get
to one of these days
so the ja-jing Emperor no friend of the
Confucian as' didn't like to get
involved in daily affairs and left
everything in the hands of those he
trusted his chief guy against own pretty
much ran things for seventeen of the
forty five years this Emperor stayed on
the throne this long reigning Emperor
was completely into Taoism and involved
himself in all kinds of these Taoist
practices and ingested all kinds of
elixirs of life that might give him
immortality these elixirs included
menstrual blood of young girls powdered
excrement of young boys and I'm sure all
kinds of other dubious concoctions in
October 1542 there was a plot carried
out by his concubines to assassinate him
in his sleep see he was a cruel and
brutal Emperor and apparently didn't
treat his concubines well so there was a
plot to strangle him in his sleep that
ultimately failed and all of those
involved in the assassination plot were
given the same fate as the eunuch Leo
Jean the death of a thousand cuts and
you know how it was in China back in
those days the families of the plotters
were of course also killed so let's jump
to 1556 to the wash in Dijon also known
as the Jia Jing thought each on January
23rd 1556 the deadliest earthquake in
recorded history takes place in western
history books this event was known as
the shun Shi earthquake of 1556 it's
epicenter was in hua County in Shaanxi
province this is about an hour and a
half east of the ancient capital xi'an
by car this is the famous earthquake I'm
sure you've all seen at the top of you
know
of these lists of the worst natural
disasters of all time approximately 800
to 850 thousand people died in this
shocker I mean the destruction was
incredible a lot of people back then
we're still living in these yellow dome
which were these essentially these
little dugout caves carved into the
Loess Hills Louis or less is this the
sediment that blows in from the Gobi
Desert that sort of builds up over time
and in Hargens it's not very strong but
it's very convenient to live in you
think of a substance that like it's like
part stone part sponge I mean not
exactly like that but I think you get
the idea you had this whole plateau
called the loess plateau yeah clung to
Gauguin it covered six hundred and forty
thousand square kilometres almost a
quarter million square miles stretching
from gongsu nning shush and she and
SHINee she people just carved a home out
of the side and just moved right in and
this earthquake these y'all don't just
collapse so easily just killing everyone
inside and this is how a lot if not most
of the people died the earthquake was so
violent that the earth was actually
splitting and where there were valleys
suddenly it became a mountain and vice
versa
I mean rivers suddenly changed course
and caused massive and sudden flooding
of the entire region that was affected
by the earthquake which was a total of
98 counties over an area of about 520
square miles
60% died to give you a rough idea how
deadly this event was it was estimated I
don't know how they figure this out but
they said that the quake was an 8.0 on
the Richter scale although the shocks
were felt beyond the epicenter into many
provinces the greatest amount of death
and destruction were in the two
provinces of Shaanxi and Shaanxi now
this you'd think would be a harbinger of
the end of the dynasty I mean something
this massive surely made everyone think
about whether the Mandate of Heaven was
ready to pick up and move elsewhere but
they were still 88 years left in the
Ming Dynasty until the sad and tragic
ending in 1644 a couple other things we
should mention regarding the cha-ching
era the Portuguese were really
making inroads into China they were
really the first Westerners to get in
good with the Imperial government in
1557 as I mentioned earlier Macau was
given to the Portuguese as a trading
base they had been there since 1535 when
Macao Sport was used as a place to weigh
anchor
no one was permitted on shore but they
were allowed to sail their ships there
to rest then in 1552 they were given
permission to build storage facilities
on shore to warehouse things and finally
in 1557 they were given formal
permission to establish a settlement on
Macau with a rent of five hundred taels
of silver per year it's not very well
known but the Portuguese traded for a
while in Chinese slaves which were
prized in the new world as well as in
Portugal miss practice didn't last long
and was outlawed in China in 1595 and in
Portugal in 1624 so now you have the
Portuguese down in Macau and they'll use
that as their base not only for trading
but for spreading the Catholic faith
into China and in the next episode we'll
look at Matteo Ricci the Jesuit priest
who did so much work and Chinese studies
as well as trying to establish the
church in China before we go let's look
at a couple last significant personages
from this period and ming history first
let's mention Chi G Gwang Jo Chi left
his mark on Ming Dynasty China as the
one who finally rid the China coast of
the curse of the Japanese pirates this
had been a problem for centuries and
these Japanese pirates were just
unstoppable they caused all kinds of
grief along China's coast in Shandong
Jiangsu judge on Fujian they were called
wall cult in Mandarin and wok hole in
Japanese the Portuguese joined in on the
fight against the wall ko and played a
supporting role in pushing the Japanese
out of these pirate lairs here's an
encore to this achievement against the
Japanese pirates she was sent up north
to deal with the Mongols and it was he
who gave the Great Wall especially near
Beijing a total makeover and had these
battlements built and spaced out
throughout
the entirety of the wall and the over a
thousand of these battlements and that
it gave the Great Wall of China that
look that we today are most familiar
with and if you ever go to Fujian you
can eat a Guang ping a nice little palm
sized cake with a hole in the center the
story goes that 1562 when chichi Wong
was leading his troops against the
Japanese and food gin
they were really holed up there and the
local people made these cakes with a
hole in the center that could sort of
all be strung together and carried in
bulk by the soldiers to commemorate
chichi Kwang spectacular victory against
the Pirates this Bing or cake was named
after him and is still enjoyed today so
don't forget to have a Guang ping next
time you're in Fujian last but not least
we can't not mention Wong Yong Ming a
giant if there ever was one in the field
of neo-confucian philosophy aside from
being a successful General in one of the
first to use these newfangled
breech-loading culverin cannon that the
portuguese had brought to China he was
mainly known for his contributions to
neo-confucianism among his chief
teachings was the idea of innate
knowledge and that all people were born
with the knowledge between good and evil
he said this knowledge was intuitive
rather than rational Wang young beings
had said in his teachings and writings
that the world does not shape the mind
but the rather the mind gives reason to
the world the mind alone is the source
of all reason and that man had an innate
moral goodness and understanding of what
is good so one young man he was the
fourth of the four great masters of
Confucianism the other three of course
being Confucius his pupil monks or munsi
and Jiu Shi Jiu Shi of course the great
philosopher who we mentioned in the
episode of the southern Song Dynasty so
the four great masters in Mandarin are
referred to as kool monk Zhu Wong cones
amongst ahjusshi and Wong Yang Ming oh
my Taiwan listeners will know Yong Ming
Shan up in the north of Taipei that
mountain is met areas named for this
great
Ming Dynasty philosopher and we'll close
with the death of the Qing Emperor he
who hated his job
and left the levers of government in the
hands of others some good some bad and
some real bad like a yen son he died in
1567 after 45 years and 241 days on the
throne you'd think with this long of a
reign he'd be the champion of the Ming
Dynasty as far as you know longest
reigns went but next episode we'll look
at his grandson the wanly emperor who
reigns for a total of 48 years it said
this Taoist and pleasure-loving
cha-ching Emperor died of mercury
poisoning ingested in one of the many
elixirs of life he consumed chasing the
same dreams of Ponce de Leon and Shi
shirt Wong the cha-ching Emperor reigned
a long time and it was relative peace
during his time but the dynasty was in
decline and his failure to show
leadership to revive things kept the
ming dynasty on a slow and steady course
towards extinction and next week when we
do the Ming Dynasty part 4 they'll be
washed away from power and into the
history books so that is it for today
well not bad foolish me thinking I was
gonna be able to cram 220 years into
this podcast by this time in Chinese
history so much is happening so fast and
so much history was recorded by this
time it's not like the Bronze Age
dynasties when who knows what is fact
and fiction and we can cover whole
dynasties in a single podcast episode
but we managed to get through 130 years
today so not too bad we'll pick up next
week where we will finish off the Ming
in 1644 and take a close look at how the
Manchus rode in from the north and swept
the Ming from power and establish the
last dynasty of China that's next week
for now this is your humble narrator
laszlo montgomery bidding you once again
a fond farewell from the lovely little
town of Claremont California home of
sokka's Mediterranean cuisine my local
falafel and shawarma joint stay well
everyone and we'll see you next week I
hope for another exciting edition of the
China history podcast